Update TRG proposal and approval process (#871)
eclipse-tractusx/eclipse-tractusx.github.io: docs/release/trg-0/trg-0-template.md

## Why

> Provide reasoning behind the release guideline. Why does Eclipse Tractus-X align on this quality criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section must provide the reason behind the release guideline and a description why the Eclipse Tractus-X community have to align on this quality criteria.
```

Author: Slightly adapted your suggestion. What do you think? [46c3bea](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/eclipse-tractusx.github.io/pull/871/commits/46c3bea55e19dc1f4dabb2012c7042bdd493f428)
